I am gonna do one example with you for
the status, and
then I'm gonna let you do the last two.
So, doing it together is
gonna help save some time
just because this is
little bit more confusing.
So, we're gonna do status.
And status is this success, error,
and warning buttons down here,
these colored ones.
So let's do one together.
Let's go into our themes.
And if you go back to the notes
real quick under, where is that,
button variations solution,
I have this status.
So to Brent's question, now I'm gonna
actually create a status object that has
some of these status colors in them.
You can copy and paste this,
it might save some time as opposed
to manually typing them out.
We're all using the same status color.
So that just makes
a little bit more sense.
So let's come in here and
let's add our status object.
Now we haven't imported these,
so let's add yellow, red,
and green to our colors imports, okay?
So now we've got status in our theme.
I'm gonna do the warning with you,
and then we'll take five minutes,
cuz they're gonna be about the same,
it should be pretty easy to fill
in the rest once we do one.
And yeah, so let's do warning.
So let's go back to buttons.
Let's add a warning modifier.
Warning, no curly brackets,
so we're doing back-ticks.
Okay, so it looks like our warning
button needs a background color.
I'm gonna set this to defaultTheme.status,
cuz we now put it in that stop subject,
dot warningColor.
Our color, let's set that to
defaultTheme status not status,
this is just gonna be
the textColorInverted, textColorInverted.
Now again, these are all gonna have
hover focus and active states.
So let's nest that in here.
So & hover, and again, my hover and
focus are the same, so
I'm just going to use a comma and
join those.
So & focus.
I'm gonna set background-color to
defaultTheme.status.warningColorHover,
warningColorHover.
I'm gonna set an outline to 3 pixels solid
defaultTheme.status.warningColorHover.
And I'm gonna give us an offset.
I think actually, the offset is inherited
already, so I'm gonna leave that out.
If I need it, I'll add it, but
I'm not positive then I do.
And then the last thing is just active,
& active.
So background-color,
defaultTheme.status I can't spell,
defaultTheme.status.warningColorActive.
Okay, so theoretically,
I have a warning modifier, and
theoretically if I add it here,
let's add it here.
It should work, right?
It looks like it works, okay?
But there's a problem.
What if I want this on
my secondary button?
Doesn't look too good, does it?
So the problem with this is that we
are setting the background color.
And by default,
my buttons are ghost buttons,
they don't have a background color.
So one way around this is to
set different modifiers for
your secondary and tertiary buttons.
That's what I'm gonna do today.
However, one other solution would be
the create an actual warning button,
to create an actual warning secondary
button or a warning tertiary button.
What I'm gonna do with this though is
I'm going to set another modifier.
So I'm gonna say warning,
what do I call you, secondary warning?
I'm gonna call you secondary warning.
It didn't update, that's okay.
So I'm gonna call you warning secondary.
The difference here is that our secondary
button does not have a background color.
So background, none.
And we want our border color to be
defaultTheme.status.warningColor.
It's very tedious.
And so what I would suggest.
Here we go, secondary button warning and
tertiary button warning.
I've written these out for you.
I'm not saying this is the best solution.
This is the one we're gonna go with today.
So what this is doing is saying for
a secondary button warning,
these are the styles we need.
As opposed to going and trying to like
override things or creating individual
buttons just for secondary warning,
this is how I'm gonna do it, okay?
So let me,
you can go grab this from the notes.
So secondary button warning is
going to have no background.
It's going to have a border again.
It's just gonna use our warning
color instead of having a fill.
That's our neutral color and
it's gonna set the text color.
Same thing for tertiary button.
So now if I come back and I just say,
this is a secondary button,
I need this modifier.
The hover states are still messed up,
but it shouldn't be.
Let me go back.
See, you know why?
That's why.
It looks a little ridiculous now because
I've double set the border here.
So the reason why is I was setting styles
here on this base warning modifier, right?
And I'm only overriding certain CSS
properties for the secondary button.
I don't want a background
on my secondary button,
but I still need the hover and
focus CSS here.
So in my case, the way I've written this,
I would need both warning and
secondary button warning.
There are definitely better
ways to do this, but
this is the one we're gonna go with
right now, cuz it's very explicit.
So take the next five minutes,
the error and
the success are gonna be generally,
basically the same, right?
You're just gonna be changing
warningColorHover to errorColorHover.
Go ahead and add your error and
your success states.
And try to get them rendering in your UI.
So try to get a success, a warning and
an error button rendering.